README.md, before:

# WSJF Calculator

A simple, interactive Weighted Shortest Job First (WSJF) calculator built with React. This tool helps teams prioritize work by calculating WSJF scores based on business value, time criticality, risk reduction, and job size.

## Features

- Drag and drop interface for ranking features
- Automatic Fibonacci scoring (1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13)
- Real-time WSJF calculation
- Visual formula breakdown for each feature
- Fun confetti animation when adding new features

## Live Demo

Try it out at: [https://vibe-wsjf.vercel.app](https://vibe-wsjf.vercel.app)

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm (v6 or higher)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/vibe-wsjf.git
   cd vibe-wsjf
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   cd client
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

The app will open in your browser at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

## How to Use

1. Enter a feature name and press Enter to add it
2. Drag features up and down in each column to rank them
3. Use the dropdown for middle items to select their score (2, 3, 5, or 8)
4. View the WSJF calculation table at the bottom
5. Click the calculator icon (🧮) to see the formula breakdown for any feature

## Deployment

This app is deployed on Vercel:

- Automatic deployments from the main branch
- HTTPS enabled
- Global CDN for fast loading

## Technologies Used

- React
- React Beautiful DnD for drag and drop
- React Confetti for animations
- Vercel for hosting

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

My only contribution :) - Update README

README.md, after:

# Warning

This repo was fully made as an experiment in vibe coding.

The code in it is not my own, this section of the readme is the only part that I have written.

I consider the experiment to be a mixed success. Large functionality ended up getting removed because it wasn't successful in the limited time available for the experiment.

Personally, after doing this experiment I would not recommend vibe coding for any code that you need to maintain or support on an ongoing basis, or for learning, or for any commercial activity. It is fine for a bit of weekend fun, but thats where it ends. Switch your Cursor or VS Code from Agent mode back to Ask mode and retain control.

# WSJF Calculator

A simple, interactive Weighted Shortest Job First (WSJF) calculator built with React. This tool helps teams prioritize work by calculating WSJF scores based on business value, time criticality, risk reduction, and job size.

## Features

- Drag and drop interface for ranking features
- Automatic Fibonacci scoring (1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13)
- Real-time WSJF calculation
- Visual formula breakdown for each feature
- Fun confetti animation when adding new features

## Live Demo

Try it out at: [https://vibe-wsjf.vercel.app](https://vibe-wsjf.vercel.app)

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm (v6 or higher)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/vibe-wsjf.git
   cd vibe-wsjf
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   cd client
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

The app will open in your browser at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

## How to Use

1. Enter a feature name and press Enter to add it
2. Drag features up and down in each column to rank them
3. Use the dropdown for middle items to select their score (2, 3, 5, or 8)
4. View the WSJF calculation table at the bottom
5. Click the calculator icon (🧮) to see the formula breakdown for any feature

## Deployment

This app is deployed on Vercel:

- Automatic deployments from the main branch
- HTTPS enabled
- Global CDN for fast loading

## Technologies Used

- React
- React Beautiful DnD for drag and drop
- React Confetti for animations
- Vercel for hosting

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
